c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MyDatabase.sdf
C:\Users\thaim_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\PopupWaiter.baml
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\PopupWaiter.g.cs
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\FootballWindow.baml
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\FootballWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserDialog.baml
C:\Users\thaim_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserDialog.g.cs
